*Planning - Lyrics - Directing:
The Super A.I Kizuna Ai*
*Kizuna Ai tries to create a support song for the mobile game 「Genjuu Keiyaku Cryptract"」*
*Video
(Suzushiro is cute, Suzushiro) TSO*
*Genjuu Sakura*
♪ After a bold and audacious Cheering Revolution ♪
♪ Ai Ai Cheering, of course it's gorgeous ♪
♪ Getting through my daily bulbs ♪
♪ You are my friend, #BFF, Yay! ♪
♪ Going forward by hunting creatures ♪
♪ Repeating quests is nothing to me ♪
♪ A Union of men and women, young and old ♪
♪ I love you summonings, summonings ♪
♪ Genjuu Keiyaku Cryptract ♪
♪ I want my voice to reach you ♪
♪ And now here I sing! ♪
♪ In this world of white! ♪
♪ I want to be the best! ♪
♪ Look at me and you'll see ♪
♪ In this bright world ♪
♪ Wherever you are ♪
♪ I want to bond with you ♪
♪ Can you hear this? ♪
♪ In an ancient sky ♪
♪ From a long distance ♪
♪ Now let's dash through this place ♪
♪ With those mythical creatures! ♪
*Genjuu Sakura*
*BIG REVEAL from behind the scenes next time*
*Install method for Cryptract in the description below*
Translated by Mitsukitten, squimmy, Zerch, Vortex, and ロリコ